Luigi Authentication Events (#501)
kyma-project/luigi: docs/authorization-configuration.md

- `enabled` means third party cookies are supported by the browser.
- `not_checked` means that the script was not provided in **thirdPartyCookiesScriptLocation** or it could not be loaded.

The application developer can read these parameters and set a logout page based on them.

### Implement a Custom Authentication Provider

You can write your own authentication provider that meets your requirements. 

[oAuth2ImplicitGrant.js](src/providers/oAuth2ImplicitGrant.js) is a good starting point if you don't use an external authentication library.
After authorization is successful on the auth provider's side it redirects back to `Luigi callback.html` **redirect_uri**. The auth provider verifies the authentication data, saves it in  **localStorage** for Luigi, and redirects to the Luigi main page. 

[openIdConnect.js](src/providers/openIdConnect.js) lazy loads the official `oidc-client` library and is a good starting point if you also depend on external authentication libraries.

> Make sure to set the following data in your Auth Provider implementation after authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to set the following data in your Authentication Provider implementation, so that it is used after successful authentication.
```
There was something missing in this one - but verify it, please :) And correct if I understand it wrongly.

- `enabled` means third party cookies are supported by the browser.
- `not_checked` means that the script was not provided in **thirdPartyCookiesScriptLocation** or it could not be loaded.

The application developer can read these parameters and set a logout page based on them.

### Custom Auth Provider

> You can write your own Auth Provider that meets your requirements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can write your own authentication provider that meets your requirements. 
```
